Plan as of 5/10/16:

Basic Structure: 
Program shall run through a global array
Each index of the global array maps to a "Player".
Each "Player" shall have an array with coordinates.
Each time it loops through the array, each player's
coordinates shall change based on the position it is
moving towards. 
Once it reached the point, it will move on to the
next coordinates in it's array.

Basic HTML:
1. Background of football field(?)
2. Import X's and probably O's.
	X's are defense, O's are offense
3. Create buttons
4. Make stuff look pretty
Extra HTML:
1. Tutorial webpage

Steps:

Part I: Creation
1. Create the basic html and create the global array.
2. Create a class of players with it's own array, a 
   random color/picture + random addendum, and ball.
3. Create an "add" function to add players.
4. Create a gloabl function that will take the mouse 
   xy-cords, and store them into an array.
5. Combine steps 3 and 4.
   Unless add is pressed again, the newly created 
   player shall remain the "selected" one, all mouse 
   clicks will add onto it's array.
6. Replicate 3, 4, 5 for the X's, the defense. 

Part II: Action
7a. Create a run button that will run through the array.
   If everyone is done, restart and rerun.
   If pressed again, pause.
7b. Create the middleware for the fast-forward button.
8. Add a edit button that will tell the program that 
   the next "player" clicked on will become "selected",
   and future clicks should change it's array.
9. Reset button, that will return all players to their
   initial state, before the run button.
10. Delete all button that will wipe the slate clean. 

Part III: Saving
12. Save the current info into a txt doc, only one part
13. Open by reading a txt doc, process it
14. Have a scroll down, change innerHTML to change it.
15. To load formation, scroll through and click select.
16. Create function to set everything.
17. Replicate everything for enemy.
Note: 12 and 13 are subject to change, that's backend.

Possible Ideas to add:
- When hovering over a "player", it's route should be 
  shown by drawing lines connecting the points.
- The run button should have a pause part to it.
- Once it has reached it's last position, it should do
  something.
- Being able to save the data into something.
- Player Roster, with names, the name will appear when hovering, or maybe on top.

Extreme Ideas to Consider:
- Some Players should be faster than others, can pick
  which player is faster to be more realistic
- Being able to load a formation for the enemy.
- Health to represent the extent of injuries.
